Continuing on, Sam Kram of Storage Gateway.
So first we have the file Gateway.
Remember, this is about providing a virtual on premises file server, which enables you to store and
retrieve files as objects in Amazon as free.
Remember, and as free files are actually objects.
But in this case, you want a file server.
So that means you need a protocol like Neff's or SMB.
It can be used for on premises applications and easy to resident applications that need file storage
and is free to use a flat Falsani stored directly on this free file.
Gateway offers SMB or interface NFC based access to data in Innisfree with local caching as well, and
a supports as free standard standard IÉ and one zone i.e..
It supports Lynnette's clients, connects into the gateway using NSW version of three and four and Windows
clients connecting to the Gateway using SMB version two and three.
And as with anything honest free, the maximum file size is five terabytes.
So then we have the volume gateway.
So this is the block based solution.
So in this case, you have blocks rather than files similar to when you add a disk to a computer versus
connects into a file system on a computer.
So it's block storage using ice protocol.
And then we have the two modes.
So firstly we have the cash volume mode.
And in this case, the entire data set is stored on as free and a cache of the most frequently accessed
data is on site.
So remember, in cached volume mode, the cash is on premises.
We then have stored volume mode.
Now this means that the data is stored on premises, so the entire data set is stored on site and asynchronously
backed up to S3.
So in this case, it's taken Ebb's point in time snapshots.
You can have up to 32 volumes and some figures around the sort of maximums.
You probably don't need to know the maximum for the exam, but there they are.
If you want to read those, we then have to take Gateway.
So in this case, it's a virtual tape library that you can use with popular backup software is pre configured
with a media changer and tape drives and supported by lots of the well known popular backup software
you can choose from.
One of these different types for your tapes can have up to 1500 virtual tapes and a maximum aggregate
capacity of one petabytes.
So all data transfer between the gateway and storage is encrypted using SSL and all data stored by the
time Gateway Innisfree is encrypted.
Server side with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys.
So again, remember those two last points?
Those apply to all of the gateways.
So you always have SSL encryption for data in transit and then for data at rest, you're going to have
as free server side encryption.